Sanctuary

John Winter. drugs dealer

Auriel Jahani: "He wants something called Psycho. I'm not sure the stuff even exists. And if it does, do I really want this neanderthal using it? Guess it depends on how much he's willing to spend. I'll put some feelers out to my Army connection, see where that goes."
Prepper, living with his daughter Caitie (born in 2057) and the unnamed wife. Wife die under the Bomb. Has a bunker, Root Cellar in Sanctuary.




Concord

Arthur O'Keefe: "Still good for a couple of hits of Daddy-O a week. Pretentious pseudo-intellectual asshole, but his money's good."
Living with his wife Eileen and a unnamed newborn baby (female), all starving to death in the shelter after the bombs because they have no hazmat suite to go outside scavenging. Has a bunker, Concord Shelter 01.


Richard Williams: "Wants Med-X. As much as I can get. Hasn't told me why, not really my business. Guessing there's some sort of long-term pain management going on. Disease?"
Invalid, living on a wheelchair with his wife Christine, both dead in a rape assault near Winter home. Has a bunker, Concord Shelter 02.


Charles Anders: talking about his dauther Betty, "Kids are usually a no-go, but this girl's got style, and she's not interested in getting tweaked. Ordered 20 blood packs. Some Halloween stunt or something. Or hell, maybe she's really a vampire. What do I care - she's got her daddy's money."
DIA Major, living with his daughter Betty (DIA Lieutnant, she looks like 15yo but is 22yo) and three DIA soldier. All death neas USAF Olivia on a survivor mine trap. Has a bunker, Concord DIA SIGINT Center




Lexington

No one is mentioned in Lexington, TBD




Boston

Leonard Isaacs: "Some student at C.I.T. - Wants Daytripper, X-Cell and an entire palette (yes, palette) of Mentats. Not sure if he's doing crazy experiments, dealing to the other eggheads, or on the verge of a nervous breakdown. Don't care, so long as the money's good."
Brilliant student, che brain behind Eddie Winter ghoulification. No bunker.


Robbie Ward: "Young married couple, good for a couple Daytripper per week. Easy order, cool people, no brainer."
John Winter's broker at Bridgeway Trust. Has a bunker, TBD.


Craig McDermott: "Cop. Longtime Buffout customer. Running into supply problems. We've had a good thing for years, I'd hate to end it now. And I don't exactly want to risk him getting all noble and law-abiding if he can't get what he wants. That would end VERY badly for me."
John Winter contact in BPD. Has no bunker.


Zuzanna Sepulsky: "The old lady had upped her Daddy-O order. Weird, but profitable."
Maybe the wife of Jakub Sepulsky, the Vault-Tec CEO? Has a bunker, TBD.


Klaus Widmark, no mention in terminal.
BPD Captain, Craig McDermott's friend from childhood and his chief in BPD. Big role in Eddie Winter affaire.


Paul Zawinski, no mention in terminal.
BATFL Lieutnant, Craig McDermott's contact.



Other

Arthur Malcolm: "Potential new customer in Charlestown. Wants Med-X. Seems oddly desperate. Might be a cop trying too hard - need to move slowly."
Maybe it can work ad BADTFL, junkie, managed by John Winter, used to discover the link between Vault-Tec, RobCo, DIA and Vault-at-Home?


Mae Duchesne: "Underwear model from Braintree. Beautiful, intelligent, totally weird. All she's ever wanted is Stimpaks. 10+ per week. My imagination continues to run wild."
Braintree is south to Quincy, maybe the prophet of a cult? Has a bunker?

